1.	Introduction

1.1.	 Purpose (Devyn) (Adam: Review) (Chris: Final Review)

1.1.1.	Delineate the purpose of the SRS
The purpose of the SRS is to set forth a specification for the Testing Center Software.  The old system is antiquated and now needs to be replaced.
1.1.2.	Specify the intended audience
The audience is Kevin Twitchell as the Software Engineering professor as well as the Testing Center Administration.
1.2.	 Scope (Devyn) (Adam: Review)

1.2.1.	Identify Software to be produced by name
The software suite we will be producing will be called Automated Testing Service (ATS)
1.2.2.	Explain what the software product will and will not do
ATS will facilitate the entry of and distribution of tests.  This will consist of:
-Faculty entry of tests
-Manage test dates, availability, and closing times
-Retrieve student data from Jenzabar
-Student check-in
-Distribution and completion of tests
-Grading of tests and display of those grades in a manner consistent with FERPA
-Entry of grades into the BYU-I iLearn gradebook
ATS will not:
-Grade write on (electronic or handwritten) short answer questions.
1.2.3.	Application of the software

1.2.3.1.	Relevant benefits, Objectives, and Goals 
The current software is antiquated and fractured.  It is not sufficient to provide the flexibility and 
maintainability required.  ATS will allow for scaling to larger distribution of testing services.  ATS will simplify the entry process and improve the faculty experience when entering tests.

1.3.	 Definitions, Acronyms and Abbreviations (All)
ATS - Automated Testing Service, the software suite we will develop
ADA - Disabilities Compliance (explain more)
SRS - Software Requirements Specification
FERPA – The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974.
I-Number – The unique nine digit identification number for students at BYU-Idaho
I-Learn - The web based learning management system for teachers and students at BYU-Idaho
Scantron - A device able to grade bubble tests
Jenzabar - BYU-Idaho’s main database for student’s private information, I-Learn information, and class information.
BYU-I - Brigham Young University - Idaho
Testing Center or TC - The physical building/location of the center for testing.

1.4.	 References (All)
FERPA - http://www.byui.edu/student-records/ferpa/family-education-rights-and-privacy-act-%28ferpa%29
Testing Center - http://www.byui.edu/testing-services
I-Learn API - Also known as Agilix - http://gls.agilix.com/js/docs/#!/concept/overview
Jenzabar API - http://www.franciscan.edu/imagebase/oit/docid1510/Web%20Administration%20Configuration%20Guide.pdf

1.5.	 Overview (Adam)
This document gives an overview of the functionality of ATS. It describes the requirements needed for the development process. 

1.5.1.	What the rest of the SRS contains?
The next chapter, Overall Description section, gives an overview of the product. Which establishes a context for the technical requirements which are noted in section 3, Requirement Specifications. Section 3, Requirements Specifications, is written to explain the details of the functionality of this product. Both sections are written to describe the Testing Center Software in its entirety.

1.5.2.	How the SRS is organized?
This document is organized by explaining the overall description of the software, 
more specifically the system interfaces, the user interfaces,
hardware interfaces, software interfaces, and communication interfaces.
Product Perspective
  Product Functions
  User Characteristics
  Constraints
Specific Requirements
  External interfaces
  Functions
  Performance requirements
  
  
2.    Overall Description

2.1.     Product Perspective

ATS shall be reliant on I-Learn for online testing. ATS shall rely on printers, Scantron devices for the printing and distribution of tests. ATS shall rely on monitors for the displaying of test results that are immediate. ATS shall rely on Jenzabar for the storage of student information. ATS shall rely on a server for the storage of test results and statistics.

2.1.1.    System Interfaces

ATS shall interface with existing school systems. These systems include I-Learn and Jenzabar. ATS shall interface with I-Learn to enable teachers to edit and upload test scores. It shall also allow the students to view their test scores. Within ATS, the teacher will have the option to make scores visible to the student or hide them. ATS must interface with Jenzabar to retrieve existing student data, including the student I-Number, name, date of birth, class schedule, and student picture. This data will be used for various verifications and system logins as explained in Section 3 of this document. ATS must be scalable and allow for future growth. Interfaces for desktop applications must be provided. ATS must be able to allow ATS to add new technology as it is introduced i.e. mobile applications. See Section 3.1 for further details.

2.1.2.    User Interfaces

ATS shall inform the user of any errors within the system. Students using computers for testing shall only have access to their test through ATS. There shall be a user interface for employees to check-in and check-out both electronic and paper tests. There shall be a user interface for teachers to input tests, schedule tests, and make student grades available to the student interface. There shall be a user interface for students to view their own test results.

2.1.3.    Hardware Interfaces

ATS will interface with existing display monitors in the testing center. The existing Testing Center monitors are at the front of the Testing Center in the entry way and at the Testing Center exit. ATS will also offer a secure connection with other Testing Center computers, which may be at the Testing Center or at a satellite office to the Testing Center. Each Testing Center computer in the student check-in area will have a number pad accessible to students, who will enter their I-Number as part of the check-in process. ATS shall interface with a printer for printing documents. ATS shall also interface with the current Scantron device that translates paper tests to an electronic form. This interface must be scalable, allowing for one or more printers or Scantron devices. ATS must be able to identify paper tests.

2.1.4.    Software Interfaces

ATS shall be compatible with client systems running versions of Windows. ATS shall use a math engine to understand math symbols, make them printable, and allow students to add them to their tests.

2.1.5.    Communication Interfaces

HTML Content served shall be compliant with Firefox, Chrome, and IE 9+ per University standards. (TODO: Confirm these are actual standards).

2.1.6.    Memory Constraints

N/A

2.1.7.    Operations

ATS shall have a period of inactivity when the testing center is closed, for scheduled maintenance and backups. No tests shall be allowed to be taken during this time. The Testing Center shall be able to set this period.

2.1.8.    Site Adaptation Requirements

In the case of the installation of a satellite Testing Center, all test results, logging, actions, and problems shall be reported and logged to the main Testing Center ATS system.

2.2.     Product Functions

ATS shall print paper tests, and have a proctoring environment for electronic tests. ATS shall monitor the number of test booklets in circulation in order to reuse booklets that have previously been printed and are not being used to save printing costs. Tests shall be able to be taken on mobile devices administered by the ATS. ATS shall be able to track equipment which is checked in and out for student use (i.e. dictionaries, calculators etc..).

2.3.     User Characteristics

2.3.1 Students:

    Most students have, at least, a basic understanding of technology and it’s uses.  However, this level of understanding still ranges from minimal expertise to expert.  Many of the students are procrastinators by nature when it comes to taking tests, and they don’t like to wait in lines.  While there are some that have minimal expertise in technology most will be familiar with web interfaces and Internet technologies.  Students get extremely frustrated when unexpected things happen in regards to tests.  This could include, not knowing what they can bring to the test, system failure, and last minute changes to the schedule of tests.  Once the student is done with their test they don’t like to wait to know their score, they want their score now.  When it really comes down to it, the student wants their life to be made as easy as possible.  They are apt to change, if they know it is coming and have time to adjust.

2.3.2 Teachers:

    To a greater degree there are teachers that would be considered novice users of some technologies.  Some are hostile to change and technology and they want things done fast without hassle.  It is unreasonable in most cases that they would spend more time submitting the test than it took to create it.  Teachers will sometimes be impatient and give up on services because they don’t work the first time.  The faculty want to know that there won’t be last minute problems with scheduling.  These issues foster a bad experience and will cause them to drop the system and they probably won’t give it a second chance.  Because teachers are pressed for time they don’t want to have to do the same thing multiple times, and once their task is done they like to have confirmations that it was successful.  Teachers are also interested in metrics of their tests, what is the average score, the average time to take the test, and what was the most missed question.  Since many of the teachers may oppose technology, they don’t want to be downloading things.  They have a strict purpose in mind when they use a system and don’t care for the extra features that may get in the way.  They want to be able to make necessary changes when they want to make them

2.3.3 Test Center Employees:

    The test center employees will be more familiar with the technology than many of the students and teachers.  This is a result of having to interact with the testing center services daily.  They have to be able to trust the system because of the amount of time they spend using it.  They would prefer to have to interact with one interface rather than many interfaces.  They don’t want to have to deal with mixing up test pages, and they don’t enjoy rushes of students.  Above all, testing center employees want to be able to perform their job to the best of their ability, whether this is proctoring an exam, handing out paper exams, checking in students or checking out students.

2.4.     Constraints

ATS shall perform efficiently for the storage and delivery of test scores to teachers and students.

ATS must be written in a language currently being taught at BYU-I. This will allow for students and faculty to maintain the system. ATS needs to interface with I-Learn, Jenzabar, and the Scantron device. I-Learn provides the online testing environment for the current system. The Scantron device reads in and evaluates the score sheets given for most paper tests. Jenzabar is the main system of the BYU-I to retrieve and store student information. ATS must be available for use through a web interface in order to allow for system access from any location within the IP domain of BYU-I.

2.5.     Assumptions and Dependencies

The different systems that are assumed to be operational outside of this project are as follows:

    Windows OS - The system will be developed to work with a system which has the Windows Operating System installed.

    Jenzabar – The system will retrieve the student data from the Jenzabar system.

    I-Learn – Online tests will be taken through the I-Learn system. Grades will be posted to the I-Learn system as well.

    Scantron – The Scantron will deliver its information to the system where it will then be processed and used for test evaluation.

    The TV Grade Portal – The screen at the exit of the testing center will be operational to display the results of the students competed tests.

    Printers – Printers will be available to print paper tests.


2.6.     Apportioning of Requirements

The ATS will provide both paper and online tests. The online testing is provided primarily through I-Learn. Eventually, ATS shall provide online testing without interfacing with I-Learn. ATS will also need to be easily implemented on mobile devices


3.        Specific Requirements (Devyn: Draft) (Jordan: man in middle) (Chris: Final Review)


3.1.     	External interfaces
3.1.1 System interfaces
ATS 3.1.1.001
 REQ: The ATS shall interface with I-Learn.
 EX: Teachers will need to upload test scores to I-Learn, which can then be viewed by the student. I-Learn will also provide the online platform for tests.
ATS 3.1.1.002
 REQ: The ATS shall interface with Jenzabar.
 EX: Jenzabar contains the data for each student. This data will be used for verifications and system logins.
ATS 3.1.1.003
 REQ: The ATS shall provide for desktop applications, and new technologies.
 EX: The ATS needs to be able to work on the desktop computers currently used in the testing center but be able to function on any new technologies that are to come.
3.1.2 User interfaces
ATS 3.1.2.001
 REQ: The ATS shall inform of errors that occur during operation.
 EX: Errors that occur during operation need to be displayed to the user in such a way that they can clearly see what the error was and how to correct it.
ATS 3.1.2.002
 REQ: The ATS shall provide an interface for employees to check students into the Testing Center.
 EX: This interface will allow a Testing Center employee to view student information at check-in. The information for each student must contain verification of identity including: I-Number, Photo ID, and tests allowed to take.
ATS 3.1.2.003
 REQ: The ATS shall provide an interface for employees to check student out of the Testing Center.
 EX: The checkout process is to involve the turning in of test, scanning in answer sheets, and checking the student out of the testing center.


ATS 3.1.2.004
 REQ: The ATS system shall provide an interface for faculty to input tests, schedule tests, make changes to tests, and make grades available for the student interface.
 EX: The faculty will need an interface where they can input the test questions and answers. They also need to be able to schedule a test, make changes to tests that are entered into the system, and make the grades available for students once the tests have been completed.
ATS 3.1.2.005
 REQ: The ATS shall have an interface where students can view their test results.
 EX: The ATS application needs to provide a way for students to see what their test results are once they have completed the test and the teacher has made the grades available.


3.1.3 Hardware interfaces
ATS 3.1.3.001
 REQ: The ATS must interface with the Scantron Device.
 EX: The Scantron evaluates the Bubble Sheet tests against the answer key then delivers its data in electronic form to the ATS system for processing.
ATS 3.1.3.002
 REQ: The ATS must interface with multiple printers
 EX: Printers are used for paper tests and printing the cover sheets given to the student.
ATS 3.1.3.003
 REQ: The ATS must interface with existing display monitors.
 EX: These monitors are located at the entrance and exit of the Testing Center. The one at the entrance displays the active tests and news for the Testing Center. The monitor at the exit displays the results of the past 20 students that checked out of the Testing Center.
ATS 3.1.3.004
 REQ: The ATS must interface with a number pad.
 EX: The number pad will be used by the students to enter there I-Number as they check into the Testing center. These number pads will be located at each computer used for check-in purposes.
3.1.4 Software interfaces
ATS 3.1.4.001
 REQ: The ATS shall be developed to work with clients running current versions of Windows OS.
 EX: The primary systems that the ATS will be working with will be Windows PC’s.
ATS 3.1.4.002
 REQ: The ATS shall use a math engine that will understand math symbols and syntax.
 EX: Using a math engine will enable students to use math symbols, make them printable, and allow students to add them to their electronic tests.
3.1.5 Communications interfaces
ATS 3.1.5.001
 REQ: HTML content shall be compatible with Firefox, Chrome, and IE 9+.
 EX: The university standard is limited to these browsers.



3.2.     	Functions
Student Requirements:
ATS 3.2.001
 REQ: The system shall provide information about the average waiting time before entering the line using the existing hardware (TV/Monitor/Web Camera).
 EX: This will enable students coming to the Testing Center to know how long the wait will be.
ATS 3.2.002
 REQ: Students shall be able to review what they are allowed to bring to their test before arriving at the testing center.
 EX: After the student logs into ATS in a web browser, they will be able to see scheduled tests and review what they are allowed to bring to the test with them (calculator, note card, dictionary, etc.).
ATS 3.2.003
 REQ: The system shall provide the option for students to schedule tests.
 EX: This will help students to avoid long lines at the testing center, and be able to handle ADA (disabilities) scheduling.
ATS 3.2.004
 REQ: System shall not allow pausing a test.
 EX: Not allow a user to "save for later" option of an online test.


ATS 3.2.005
 REQ: System shall display a list of student’s tests that have already been scheduled.
 EX: Students need to be able to see what tests are scheduled in order to see when they can take a test


ATS 3.2.006
 REQ: System shall only allow a student to take one test at a time.
 EX: Teachers would like to effectively track how long it takes a student to take a test, if a student takes more than one test at a time, it is hard to gauge how long the test actually takes.


Teacher Requirements:
ATS 3.2.007
 REQ: System shall allow faculty to submit tests remotely
 EX: This will allow teachers the option to change tests after submission.  
ATS 3.2.008
 REQ: System shall time each test.
 EX: Teacher wants to know how much time is needed for tests
ATS 3.2.009
 REQ: System shall return time statistics to the teacher.
 EX: Teacher wants to know how much time is needed for tests
ATS 3.2.010
 REQ: System shall not require the downloading of any form.
 EX: The submission process is bothersome and requires saving tests then emailing them. ATS 3.2.011
 REQ: System shall give options for immediate access to student test results.
 EX: The teacher wants a quicker turn-around time.
ATS 3.2.012
 REQ: System shall offer multiple options for question formatting.
 EX: Teachers want the ability to make a variety of tests with different formats to meet their needs.
ATS 3.2.013
 REQ: System shall provide a way for creation of Scantron tests.
 EX: Teachers want a Scantron software that is easy and quick to use.
ATS 3.2.014
 REQ: System shall allow teachers to re-use old tests.
 EX: Teachers want to be able to use old tests without having to resubmit them.
ATS 3.2.015
 REQ: System shall allow teachers to edit old tests for re-use.
 EX: Teachers want the ability to edit old tests and re-use them for different classes.
ATS 3.2.016
 REQ: System shall only show available dates for testing.
 EX: This will allow the teachers to know what dates are open for testing when scheduling the Testing Center.
ATS 3.2.017
 REQ: Teacher shall be able to select test dates when submitting tests.
 EX: Teachers are in charge of selecting their own dates within the constraints of the program.
ATS 3.2.018
 REQ: Teachers shall only be able to submit bubble, write on, or computerized tests.
 EX: The Testing Center does not want to anything besides these forms of tests.
ATS 3.2.019
 REQ: System shall provide test submission and test date selection in the same process.
 EX: We want a single system that will allow the submission process to be simplified
ATS 3.2.020
 REQ: ATS shall provide test creation services.
 EX: This will help the teachers have an “All-in-one” type application that they only need to use one screen to fulfill their test submission needs.
ATS 3.2.021
 REQ: System shall not hinder the proctoring of exams by enforcing a location on the teachers submitting the test.
 EX: Some faculty members doesn’t use the services because they like to control the testing in their class, e.g. because the environment doesn’t allow them to accomplish their “educational goals”.
ATS 3.2.022
 REQ: System shall provide error checking for required fields during test creation.
 EX: Teachers sometimes miss things, and don't want to run through the whole form to see what box they missed. We need to be able to show them what parts they missed when submitting a test.
ATS 3.2.023
 REQ: System shall notify via email of successful test submission to Teachers.
 EX: This will allow the testing center and teachers to know that a test has been submitted.
ATS 3.2.024
 REQ: System shall notify via email of successful Testing Center reservation dates to Teachers.
 EX: This will allow the testing center and teachers to know that a test date has been reserved.
ATS 3.2.025
 REQ: System shall schedule tests on a first come first serve basis.
 EX: Teachers would like the opportunity to schedule their tests when desired (with the exception of finals week).
ATS 3.2.026
 REQ: The system shall allow for a teacher to change a test until a student has begun taking that test.
 EX: Teachers might want to remove questions from the test that were not covered in class, or badly phrased.
ATS 3.2.027
 REQ: The System shall not allow a teacher to change a test after a student has begun taking that test.
 EX: Once a student has begun a test, the test will be locked from modification in order to give all students an equal chance.
ATS 3.2.028
 REQ: ATS shall reflect the change of test grades on I-Learn.
 EXP: In the case where a curve is desired, or when scores need to be corrected to due to teacher errors or ATS errors.
Employee Requirements:
ATS 3.2.029
 REQ: The system shall be able to look up a student (including picture) based on I-Number.
 EX: This provides a form of verification for the testing center staff when a student cannot produce an I-card.  This enables the employees to verify that a student is really who they say they are.
ATS 3.2.030
 REQ: System shall provide notifications about paper tests.
 EX: Testing Center Employees don't like how the current notifications are from two different services.
ATS 3.2.031
 REQ: System shall provide notifications about electronic tests.
 EX: Testing Center Employees don't like how the current notifications are from two different services.
Other Requirements:
ATS 3.2.032
 REQ: The System shall interact with I-Learn interfaces to upload student grades.
 EX: Once grades have been entered, ATS will interface with I-Learn so that the teacher and students can see grades within I-Learn.
ATS 3.2.033
 REQ: The System shall interact with I-Learn interfaces to upload test statistics.
 EX: This will be useful for the teacher to understand how the test scores ranged, and for reporting. The statistical information may be broken down per user.
ATS 3.2.034
 REQ: System shall be able to handle multiple testing locations.
 EX: For busy hours and/or for remote testing locations to use the same system as the Testing Center for check-ins and checkouts.
ATS 3.2.035
 REQ: Scores, test dates and tests shall be backed up outside of business hours.
 EXP: For auditing purposes these things need to be kept backed up. See also ATS 3.4.010
 
3.3.         Performance requirements
ATS 3.3.001
 REQ: The system shall support 500 students taking a test at any given time (either electronic or paper)
 EX: There are large quantities of student who need use of the testing facilities and the rotation of students currently taking tests is very rapid, thus preventing congestion and allowing for a larger number of student to take their tests in a timely fashion.
ATS 3.3.002
 REQ: The system shall support 30 employee terminals
 EX: At any given time there are a certain number of employees distributing tests.  This could increase or decrease depending on the current state of satellite centers and time during the semester.
ATS 3.3.003
 REQ: The user interface shall enable a testing center employee with 1 month of experience to check out a test within 1 min 95% of the time.
 EX: Wait time to enter the Testing center can be greatly reduced if the testing center employees are able to efficiently and accurately distribute tests. ATS will facilitate this.
ATS 3.3.004
 REQ: A mobile device (Microsoft Surface) used for testing shall be available within 1 minute of check in to be distributed to the next available student for test taking purposes.
 EX: As the Testing center moves toward an all-electronic testing environment the need to be able to use a computer that a previous student was using will increase.  This must be able to happen as quickly as the tests can be distributed.


3.4.     	Logical database requirements
ATS 3.4.001
 REQ: The ATS database will perform cleanup after every year, removing already administered test dates, scores, and testing logs.
 EX: After the test has been taken and a student given a grade for their class there is no reason to keep this information. To avoid clutter that could slow down the system, we require this cleanup process yearly. This process will not remove metrics or tests that have not had complied metrics (see ATS 3.4.005 and ATS 3.4.006)
ATS 3.4.002
 REQ: The ATS database shall distinguish between paper tests and electronic tests.
 EX: For statistical purposes, the testing center would wish to know if the tests being taken were delivered electronically or by paper.
ATS 3.4.003
 REQ: The ATS database shall store scores in a percentage fashion, 0% being the lowest and 100% being the highest.
 EX: This uniformity allows the testing center to avoid ambiguity on what a good or bad score is. Test scores may need to be transformed after submission in order to meet this requirement.
ATS 3.4.004
 REQ: ATS shall provide the test taken, tests scores, time the test was taken, and length of the test for access to internal systems for metrics.
 EX: The testing center employees requested that these items be available for metrics. These metrics would be available to a select few testing center employees and teachers.
ATS 3.4.005
 REQ: ATS shall not delete metrics stored in the database.
 EX: Metrics must be kept for the life of the system so that they can be recalled.
ATS 3.4.006
 REQ: ATS shall not delete test information from the ATs database until metrics are compiled for that test.
 EX: This requirement attempts to avoid any bias by ensuring that no test is skipped over.
ATS 3.4.007
 REQ: Database information shall be written in the English language.
 EX: Is the university standard that the spoken language is English. For maintainability purposes, the database must also be written in English.
ATS 3.4.008
 REQ: The ATS database will only reveal test scores through the ATS system in FERPA compliant manners.
 EX: To avoid potential problems with FERPA the system should not disclose it scores in any manner that is not secured through the already FERPA compliant ATS system. This ensures that the database will never be the problem if FERPA confidentiality is breached.
ATS 3.4.009
 REQ: ATS shall be the only program to access the ATS database.
 EX: Any other application must go through ATS. This ensures that the database will not breach any BYU-Idaho or federal education standards.
ATS 3.4.010
 REQ: The ATS database will only be accessible by ATS Administrators and developers of   ATS.
 EX: To follow FERPA and BYU-Idaho regulations on the privacy of student data.
ATS 3.4.011
 REQ: The ATS database shall provide a history of actions taken by ATS.
 EX: Logging of when the test is taken, how the test is taken, when the test is checked out, when the test is checked back in, how long the test took, and the score are all important in resolving potential disputes or accounts of cheating. For this reason all actions shall be logged and stored in the secure database.
ATS 3.4.012
 REQ: ATS database shall store previous tests from teachers for re-use.
 EX: The database will keep teacher’s tests for future use.
ATS 3.4.013
 REQ: ATS database shall allow teachers full access their previously used tests.
 EX: The database will allow for teachers to make revisions of their tests, and save it as a new revision.


3.5.     	Design constraints
ATS 3.5.001
 REQ: The ATS shall perform at 100% reliability in regards to student records and score tracking.
 EX: The result of the ATS misrepresenting any student information and test scores would lead to many undesirable things such as poor grade and possibly repeat of the class.
ATS 3.5.002
 REQ: The ATS shall work with client computers running Windows OS.
 EX: The systems that the ATS application will reside will all have a Windows OS and so the ATS must be able to work on a Windows platform.


3.5.1.        Standards compliance
ATS 3.5.1.001
 REQ: The ATS shall comply with all FERPA privacy standards.
 EX: All the information that the ATS retrieves about students and faculty must be kept confidential in accordance to the FERPA laws.
ATS 3.5.1.002
 REQ: The ATS shall comply with all database standards of the Jenzabar system.
 EX: Inputs and outputs of the ATS must comply with the standards set by the Jenzabar system otherwise it will not be able to communicate with it.
ATS 3.5.1.003
 REQ: The ATS shall comply with the I-Learn interface standards.
 EX: I-Learn is currently used to host online testing. It also stores and allows students access to grades. The data from the ATS must be in the format designated by the I-Learn system.


3.6.     	Software system attributes
ATS 3.6.001
 REQ: The system shall be reset at least once a week.
 EX: This is required so that common errors from memory caching can be avoided. This requirement helps the system stay away from possible long term problems from overflow and underflow.


3.6.1.        Reliability
ATS 3.6.1.001
 REQ: ATS shall provide confirmation of test score submission.
 EX: ATS will display a confirmation of a successful submission.
ATS 3.6.1.002
 REQ: ATS shall provide an error if test score submission is hindered or stopped.
 EX: ATS will display an error of why the test score submission failed.


3.6.2.        Availability
ATS 3.6.2.001
 REQ: ATS shall be inaccessible for student testing services outside of business hours (this excludes the viewing of submitted scores).
 EX: In the event ATS runs into an error or is detects possible cheating, ATS needs to be able to contact employees. For this reason ATS will only perform testing during business hours. ATS also needs this time to perform backups of the day’s activities (see ATS 3.4 of this document).
ATS 3.6.2.002
 REQ: ATS shall allow scheduled student ATS exams only be allowed during their scheduled time.
 EX: Scheduled tests will be the result of ADA compliance and will require additional setup by staff, it would be hard for staff or ATS to accommodate ADA compliance at last minute.
3.6.3.        Security
ATS 3.6.3.001
 REQ: System shall allow for remote proctoring. All student information will be displayed on a remote screen for proctor.
 EX: This allows proctors to see student’s screens and prevent students from switching from their specified program.
ATS 3.6.3.002
 REQ: System shall notify staff of detected attempts of cheating.
 EX: There are certain items that are obvious flags for cheating, such as the testing program losing focus and other programs being opened. It helps proctors know when this happens so that they can direct their attention toward it and determine quickly if cheating is actually occurring.
ATS 3.6.3.003
 REQ: System shall allow for designated, non-faculty, personnel to review assessments.
 EXP: Some teachers don’t use the services very frequently because they mostly do writing tests that they like to look over or have their TA do it.
ATS 3.6.3.004
 REQ: System shall allow students to take exams only for classes currently registered for.
 EXP: Teachers have had some issues with test previously including, students given wrong exam, used wrong key to grade, or proctors having hard time following instructions.


3.6.4.        Maintainability
ATS 3.6.4.001
 REQ: The system shall be programmed in a language taught at BYU-Idaho.
 EXP: We need the system to be developed in a language that is understood by the students/faculty of BYU-Idaho. When the language is understood by these individuals it can be more easily maintained, in the future.


3.6.5.        Portability
ATS 3.6.5.001
 REQ: ATS shall allow satellite centers to be set up and used to house additional computers when needed.
 EX: The Testing Center has times of high traffic (midterms, finals, etc...). Past semesters show that computer tests are in high demand during these times. Allowing satellite centers to be set up decongests the testing center during times of anticipated high traffic of students.



3.7.         Organizing the specific requirements

The Organization we have chosen is by user class.  The user classes are:
-	Student
-	Teacher
-	Employee
-	Other

4.	Appendixes

4.1.	Appendix A: Employees
  
4.1.1 Questionnaires

4.1.1.1 What irritates you about the current system?

4.1.1.2 What steps can be simplified in the current system?

4.1.1.3 What parts of the current system do you wish were automated?

4.1.1.4 What do you think about students registering for their test/seat before coming in?

4.1.1.5 How would it help/hinder your work, if all tests were created/edited/taken online?

4.1.1.6 Would it help if for multiple choice tests, the teacher could check an option to email the students results to them?

4.1.1.7 Would you prefer all tests taken online and remove pen and paper tests?

4.1.1.8 What do you do?

4.1.1.9 What programs do you use?

4.1.1.10 What is the most frequent process you go through?

4.1.1.11 What is the most time consuming process?

4.1.1.12 Most difficult process?

4.1.1.13 What irritates you about the current system?

4.1.1.14 What steps can be simplified in the current system?

4.1.1.15 What parts of the current system do you wish were automated?

4.1.1.16 What parts of the current system cause delays?

4.1.1.17 What do you think about students registering for their test/seat before coming in?

4.1.1.18 How would it help/hinder your work, if all tests were created/edited/taken online?

4.1.1.19 Would it help if for multiple choice tests, the teacher could check an option to email the students results to them?

4.1.1.20 What part of the current system is not working?

4.1.1.21 What part of the current system like the best?

4.1.1.22 What do you do in the testing center?

4.1.1.23 What can be better in the testing center?

4.1.1.24 What is the current and why is it a problem?

4.1.1.25 What is the current process for taking a test (creation to checkout)?

4.1.1.26 What programs are used with Scout to perform the tasks need to run the TC?

4.1.1.27 What would you like the one program to have built into it?

4.1.1.28 Do you think that students should be allowed to assign their testing taking seats?

4.1.1.29 How can the current system be improved?

4.1.1.30 What steps can be simplified in the current system?

4.1.1.31 What parts of the current system do you wish were automated?

4.1.1.32 What parts of the current system cause delays?

4.1.1.33 How would it help/hinder your work, if all tests were created/edited/taken online?

4.1.2 Summary

4.1.2.1 How many different programs are needed to run the system and it does not directly connect with the online tests or ilearn just prints out cover sheets.

4.1.2.2 The current system is so outdated that a program with more of the needed programs under one program and maintainable

4.1.2.3 The test input

4.1.2.4 It has been thought of but at this point no good solution has been found but is open to the possibility

4.1.2.5 This would help a lot and could open up many new test options and ideas.

4.1.2.6 That is already taken care of by the facility.

4.1.2.7 Yes they would be more efficient and open up more possibilities of tests.

4.1.2.8 Put pen and paper tests into the system.  This includes managing scheduling.

4.1.2.9 Just scout.

4.1.2.10 Assigning unique keys to tests, and filling in those keys on bubble sheets.

4.1.2.11 Assigning point values to questions.

4.1.2.12 Assigning point values to questions.

4.1.2.13 Editing scoring is something that is really tedious, and irritates me.
•	Putting all of the editing questions on one screen would be wonderful, because sometimes it is hard to remember where you are when you have to go and edit each individual question on one screen a piece.
•	Text fields in the GUI would be nice like a form.
4.1.2.14 Needs to display all deadlines for different sections of the same test on one screen.
•	Recurring problem that you have to go into certain screens and come back out for information that could all be edited, and/or displayed on one screen.
•	Test information sheets need to be connected to the program would be nice to be a form.
4.1.2.15 It picks up pretty much everything.

4.1.2.16 Its pretty fast.

4.1.2.17 It wouldn't work, because students sometimes aren't on time, test time is hard to speculate etc...

4.1.2.18 Then I wouldn't need student helpers, and we would cut back on employees, or even the students might be able to do my job.  It would be nice to have the teachers responsible for their corrections so they could have more control over their own tests, and any mistakes that they find.

4.1.2.19 That is already taken care of.

4.1.2.20 The person I interview hate when the scout not working. Also, the person like the current system.

4.1.2.21 The person likes the keep track paper test on the system.

4.1.2.22 Person I interview one who hider the student to work at the testing center. The person teach the student how to use the system and the student have test to see they can do the wall. The wall is the were all the paper test are at.

4.1.2.23 Planning on having music in music room and add plant or color in the testing room. Also, they are getting 30 tablet in near future.

4.1.2.24 Retired people who made the system (Scout – picBasic (not known language), only know the system currently
•	Pen/pencil exams atm, want computer based for random questions, security
•	Cover sheet is the time stamp, print on demand reuse of old used tests or prints new ones when needed
•	Scout does know how many people currently taking a test
•	Tracks by end not from beginning
•	Always keeping track of statistics instead of doing it by hand
o	On hand statistics for easy changing
o	Paper reports and hand enter into excel
•	lines
o	Not enough computers (extra hardware)
o	 Free time open after 2 (more people late in the day)
4.1.2.25 first faculty create exam (key and test) (paper/pencil)
•	TC makes sure scheduling (do not over schedule) looks at closing date
o	Currently using excel
o	No method of control for finals
o	 Possible scheduling program for them
•	Enter exam into Scout
o	19 data to change for each test
•	Put on the wall (test ready for print/taking)
o	Picture authentication into system (currently using another program)
o	Capability with grade book
o	show  how well you are doing on topics. (test info for teachers and students)
o	score display is good
o	using 12 different programs, want one program to do it all
o	check in mobile, drop off check out like calculator
o	web based testing/ web available
o	have capability for remote but information must be on screen because all info is on the cover sheet (not allow take test yet, because if students see test on ilearn they can take even if they are not supposed to yet)
4.1.2.26 Power point: test schedule
•	Exam stat: psychometrics
•	Javaappts: picture look up
•	Php: website/ score delivery
•	Ems: ada scheduling (disabilities people)
•	Dos: Jenzabar import (student/fac/ course info)
•	Outlook: communications
•	Scout: test entry/ delivery/ number keeping/ records
4.1.2.27 scheduling, testing, analysis, test score delivery

4.1.2.28 No because each student takes different amounts of time for taking a test, empty time or take time from others
•	implementing, first come first serve for students
•	Teachers would have control of test schedule days, instead of TC staff
4.1.2.29 The system needs to give better feedback to the student and instructor. Confusion over the proctoring rotation causes delays.

4.1.2.30 Simplify how teachers create and submit tests. The system needs to allow them to do it on their own and not go through the testing center secretary.

4.1.2.31 Booklet number selection should be automated.

4.1.2.32 Sorting the tests into files cause delays. It takes a long time for the scanners to check in and out testing center equipment.

4.1.2.33 Online tests can hinder work because the teacher did not put in information correctly. This happens often. 
•	Online tests would cause less printing and quicker filing on the computer removing many delays.
•	It would require more proctors to cover both the scanning of the room and putting in the passwords for online tests. 
•	Students can cheat with online tests by clicking “save for later” then walk out of the testing center and do it at home.
•	If the system ever goes down the TC would have to close down causing major problems.  

4.2.        Appendix B: Faculty

 4.2.1 Questionnaires

    On average, how many times do you use the school's testing services each semester?

    How long does it take for you to submit a test to the testing center?

    Is this a satisfactory amount of time?

    Why do you not use the Testing Center?

    Are there things you would like to change about the Testing Center Process?

    What do you like about the testing center?


 4.2.2 Summary

    We found that teachers usually use the Testing Center about 7 or more times in a semester.

    We found that it usually takes less than 15 minutes to submit a test to the testing center.

    We found that most teachers were satisfactory with how long it takes to submit a test.

    We found that teachers don’t use the testing center due to:

        Teachers don’t use test because they use papers

        Teachers want a quicker turn around

        Teachers don’t want to deal with the hassle of the Testing Center

        Teachers don’t believe that tests are useful in assessing students

    We found that teachers wanted to change the following about the testing center:

        Teachers want an easier way of submitting tests

        Teachers want a more convenient way of submitting tests

        Teachers want better statistics about the tests

        Teachers want a better way to schedule tests

        Teachers want something that interfaces with I-Learn

        Teachers want a better way to make bubble tests

        Teachers want errors in the submittal process to be more prevalent

    We found that teachers like the following about the Testing Center:

        Teachers like that the Testing Center is trying to meet their needs

        Teachers like that the Testing Center provides a way to test outside of class on the student’s schedule

        Teachers like that they can submit tests online
        Teachers like that they can have proctored tests
        
4.3   Appendix C: Students
  
  4.3.1 Questionnaires
	Would you like an option to schedule a time to take your test?
	Is waiting in line at the testing center a problem for you??
	What information would be useful to know when entering the line?
	How long is your average wait in the Testing Center Line?
	Have you ever tried to look at your grades from the testing center web site?
	Do you ever look at the screen outside the testing center exit door (to know your test score)?
	How would you like to be informed about your test results?
	How often do you have to go to the testing center to take a test?
	Do you get stressed when you wait in line?
	Do you have any problems when arriving at the testing center? what are they?
	Do you prefer a room with music when testing?
	What would you change with the testing center?
	Would you prefer an option to use your I-number instead of your I-card?
	Would you be opposed to taking your test in a different location given the facilities to do so?
	Do you prefer paper or online tests (both in the testing center)? Why?
	When taking an online test would you prefer a touch screen/stylus interface?
  
  4.3.2 Summary
	Generally student don't have to wait in the testing center line- only in times of extreme demand like finals. Lines are not a huge problem, so our system should not make line management a huge focus. However many student said they would enjoy the option to schedule their test time and reserve a seat.
	When arriving students usually want to know how long the wait time is, what they can have on their test, and what is allowed in the testing center. Most of this information is readily available in line already, as well as online.
	Students are satisfied with how the current system displays their scores, but most are uninformed that they can see their test result on the testing center website. Some students expressed interest in receiving test scores via Email or Text.
	The majority of students are in agreeance with taking their tests electronically- but agree the system does not work with certain classes like math class where showing work is required. However students prefer the instant feedback of online tests. 
	No students where opposed to taking their test in a different location than the testing center.
	